I wanna sing a little ditty for my sweet
very short friend Rebecca who is turning
22 tomorrow when quick I won't give you
something anyway never had before
[Applause]
[Music]
oh it's an amazing day in wine country
when was the last time we were all
together I just want this to feel like a
regular vacation and somewhere in there
I'll just slide into 50 age is just a
number what would you say your souls age
is 18 old enough to drink and bone don't
have my own car yet but I have a bike
I made itineraries so everything we're
gonna do a minute-by-minute on the trip
we have lavender popping corn that's not
enough Molly
ha I did Molly in college but she went
back to her boyfriend so bring her the
girls weekend huh just remember guys
whatever gets said it's probably what
the person has always felt and the
alcohol just let it out
this weekend is a mess I can't even plan
a fun birthday trip if you were just to
let go every day I'll just fall in a
place will fall into place do you think
throwing the itineraries out the window
was on the itinerary guess we'll never
know
if we can't get through weekend together
and I'm completely lost
[Music]
that's what she said these women I have
known for 20-plus years and yeah
sometimes I want to tell this one to
off you're gonna huh that's
what intimacy looks like this one's good
what's it called again
white wine freedom love it
[Music]